docs: add info about extras layer (#260)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/content/index.mdx

### Lambda Layer

Powertools is also available as a Lambda Layer. It is distributed via the [AWS Serverless Application Repository (SAR)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverlessrepo/latest/devguide/what-is-serverlessrepo.html).
We have two layers available, one with core dependencies `aws-lambda-powertools-python-layer` and one with extras `aws-lambda-powertools-python-layer-extras` such as `pydantic` which is required for the parser.

> The extras layer is 22.4MB zipped and ~155MB unzipped big.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **NOTE**: Extras layer support does not support Python 3.6 runtime. This layer is also  includes all extra dependencies and is 22.4MB zipped, ~155MB unzipped big.
```
